Someone bring Huang Long down for me
Strict punishment
What to do
You let me go
Lin Xinyue, I want to ask you
You come to annul the marriage
Does Uncle Lin agree?
No, but it's my business.
Nothing to do with the father
When my father
Ling Zun died together at the hands of the demons
Since Lin said he had never been in prison
You came to annul the marriage without authorization
Isn't this blasphemous jealousy of the elderly?
Brother Ye, even if you take out the elders
With all due respect
Dragon and Snake
The gap between us is like the gap between heaven and earth
I also know that you have been trying to break through the realm all these years
Even the property has been sold off a lot
Here are 10,000 snacks
It can be used as compensation for you. Enough.
Ye Jiayi Ye Wuji is in your eyes
Is he such an unbearable person?
But you called it quits in public
Have you ever thought about protecting me at all?
Home life
My lifespan is just a quagmire
Not as noble as the six saintesses of your High Heaven Sect
That doesn't have the backbone of that
I don't need your stupid spirit stone
I will never pester you
Because I'm not interested in you at all
Lin July
Don't think I care about you, old saint
grandmother
You want to explain the pattern
Satisfy you
This contract
It's just more humiliation for you.
You Lin Xiyue
With my Ye family
No more connection